WKL: A bright vessel of dark words and darker thoughts

AIMS

Showcase a selection of poems by the client, Wendy Knox-Leet, while maintaining a sleek, abstract, bright, geometric aesthetic with an emphasis on verticality. 

The subject of the matter is dark, but the client's personality in real life is gregarious, bright, charismatic, loving and outgoing. The design reflects this, and hopefully will encourage the client to create poetry that is more positive, and improve her overall outlook on life.

Demonstrate to potential employers Henry's capacity for frontend design and development.

Develop the client's interest in poetry from a personal to a professional standard.

Improve the client's presence in the industry, such that she can easily get access to spoken word poetry events as a performer.

House a selection of media about the client.

FEATURES

A hybrid CSS-Javascript animation on the home page with a slogan that summarizes the client and her poetry, created using the client's own poetry style as a precedent.

A dynamic, collapsible bootstrap navbar.

Poems categorized into 5 sections corresponding to provocative subject areas. Each section is an opportunity to capture the attention of the end user. Section design is intended to convey a sense of verticality to encourage passage throughout the website

>40 poem pages, with a minimalistic design intended to encourage consumption and sharing of the material

A color changes occurs on the large square links in the poem categories after they have been viewed. This creates an incentive to 'clean up' the screen by consuming content. There are many precedents for this strategy across gaming.

The last section of the website 

Optimized across XL,L,M,S screen sizes

SNAGS

Link color change not being applied
Square grow and rotate animations occuring simultaneously, instead of sequentially
Triangle section animations not being applied
Triangle and circle poem animations not written

FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

Creation of geometric logo and icon
Business cards using geometric logo
Creation of digital marketing strategy
Public spoken word performances by the client, with 
Video and image media creation at these public events

PRECEDENTS

Clean Bandit Logo
awardonline.com
florianwacker.de

LANGUAGES USED

HTML
CSS
Javascript
Jquery
Bootstrap